i made this new account because a friend follows me on the other one. i dont want them to see this.... so...yeah anw..... i gotta write a 6000 word thesis meanwhile going through a really tough place mentally. Nobody can help in my life. Neither friends or family. I don't know who to talk to anymore. I really need someone to talk to. I tried writing, petting my cat, listening to calming music. I think my mind really needs this right now. Someone who understands,wont judge,wont make me feel worse than i already am. my brain is so foggy i dont even recognise which day it is. I forget basic tasks... I cant communicate clearly and I'm misunderstood for being mean or aggressive, or that im not listening. Like please cant you understand i cant even think straight? Can someone help ?:(((. its been really tough. University, relationships, responsibilities. I can't open up to people irl because they wont listen, not understand or make me feel worse.
I have so many thoughts i dont know where to start from... I tried journaling, listening to music, distracting. Nothing works. I need someone to listen, understand and give good advice. I am neglected by the people who claim to love me. Im always there for them, and fight for them but when it comes to me they just can't help me. i need someone to listen. I'm fine if we never talk again its just i need it so much right now. i need support. I really need to talk to someone. Nobody listens or understands in the moment. I can't think straight anymore. I can barely communicate normally  please help. he's depressed and it seems like no matter how much i try to help he doesn't get better. I've seen some progress but it's not major and i'm tired of not getting the same amount of love and attention back. I want to feel taken care off aswell and not beg for it. I don't know if I want to cut him off completely but when I attempted to he promised me he will be better. He did not. He did at first only. I don't know what to do with him anymore. He forgets my boundaries, forgets my needs, doesn't ask me questions to get to know me better because he tells me he just doesn't work that way, he got kicked out of his house and lives at my place and some friends of his. When I try and communicate he promises things he never does and tells me he forgot. At this point I don't know if I believe him anymore. I feel like I'm the only one carrying and trying to fix this relationship and I barely see any cooperation. I don't know anymore.. It's been happening for a year now. I know depression is difficult, that's why I'm still here for him. Should I cut him off?.