Hi - idk if it’s okay to post questions here but I was wondering if it’s possible to leave London for Paris at around midnight and get back for the next morning.

All the options (eurostar, plane, ferry etc.) either seem to not run at night or are too slow. Does anyone know of a way to do this? Thanks for any help.I’ve been playing online ultimate recently and whilst I’m gradually getting the characters into elite smash, I’ve been really struggling to punish rolls. I don’t know if my reaction time is just too slow or something but I’ll literally run up to someone standing by the ledge and KNOW that they are going to roll in and yet when they do I try to turn around and grab them or just hit them and they’ve already rolled again. It’s the same deal with rolls out - probably worse. 

I learned the hard way from rolling too much myself that it is possible to punish rolls hard, but I find myself just unable to react quickly enough. Is there some sort of trick to watching the beginning of their roll? Or a way to practice reacting or something? I don’t think there’s anything wrong with my reaction time, as from online reaction tests it seems about average at 200-275ms. Thanks for any help!. Sorry for the pointless post, but you should go listen to it, with the lyrics. If you keep in mind the character that it’s about it’s so cool.Here's my vision - An eldritch knight at level 11 or higher with the ability to quicken spells. As far as I can see, this would allow you to on your turn: 

Attack with the first of your three extra attacks. 

If you hit, cast Hold Person, quickened. They have disadvantage on the save due to Eldritch Strike. 

Then you hit them twice more - both attacks are crits. If you feel like it, you can action surge and hit them 3 more times, all also crits. With a greatsword this would do a bunch of damage, and IMO would have the cool magical sword attack combo vibe (kinda reminds me of Cloud or any number of other anime-style swordsmen) 

Am I interpreting the rules correctly? If I am, is there a good way to get this setup online without crippling yourself, and would it be at least decently effective? Obviously, you can only do it when you're pretty high level, but you need a lot of feats and stat increases since you need a reasonably high intelligence (or charisma if multiclassing into sorcerer and getting it that way would be smarter idk)

I believe there is a metamagic adept feat which would let you do this once per long rest, but I feel like it would be cool to get it a bit more than that - maybe get the feat for low levels and then multiclass to get more uses later? Idk

Thanks for any help. Now before I start hating on them let me say that I think warlocks are a really cool and flavourful class, and I know that a lot of awesome characters have been warlocks. But design-wise, one thing sticks out to me - pretty much all warlocks end up loosely with one of two ideas. 

Either they cast eldritch blast a lot with all the invocations for it, or they use weapons with pact of the blade, thirsting blade and potentially the hexblade subclass. 

This seems ridiculous given that the warlock is almost certainly the most ‘customisable’ class, at least in terms of the number of options you can pick (invocations, pacts, spells and subclasses will all be different between different warlocks). 

And in my opinion, the reason for this is exactly the same as the reason that a similar effect occurs in pathfinder - more freedom and options at the character creation stage leads to less options when actually playing the game. 

By adding lots of features that encourage certain in game behaviours (like casting eldritch blast) you destroy the balance between different options you have when playing the game, by making one option the right choice in most situations. No longer is it mechanically rewarding to play intelligently and to think semi-realistically about what the right decision in combat might be. Instead the mechanics reward working out what you’ll do for the rest of the game when you design your character, which results in you getting bored as you take the same options in every single combat you do.

Of course, I’m exaggerating and you do still have a lot of options in game. However I feel that the warlock is the class that caters the most to the desire a lot of us have for highly optimised, complicated character builds, and as such ends up being a bit less well designed for actual gameplay, as it detracts from some of the things that make 5e so engaging to play.

Also I think it’s a bit silly that all warlocks are charismatic, as I think that a lot of creative character ideas could come out of warlocks based on other stats.

This is all just my opinion and I don’t have a vast amount of experience with the game so please feel free to tell me if any of this is completely wrong an I’m just missing something!

Edit: I don’t mean they have too many options in combat - the opposite - they tend to have a very limited number. What I’m saying is that the abundance of options when creating the character results in less options down the line when you’re playing the game.Hi all - sorry if this is annoying/not allowed, but I’m having a problem that I thought lots of people here might have experience with.

I’m going through my first campaign as a player that has gone past level 3 (we are going to level 7 now) and I haven’t really been role playing my character very well - I would love to be doing some sort of an accent or different voice, especially since my character is a female tiefling who definitely wouldn’t sound like a teenage British guy! At the moment I either just say what she does (e.g “OK I’ll go up to the counter and ask him if he’s willing to buy our equipment”) or say what she says but just in my voice and without any mannerisms or anything really to distinguish her from me (e.g “I’ll go up to the counter and say ‘So we’ve had a look at your wares and they seem excellent, but I’m afraid we are rather low on gold - would you be willing to buy any of this?’ And I’ll show him the equipment we want to sell.”)

The main problem I’m finding is that, especially since we are playing over zoom, I get scared to start doing an accent or anything without notice, and I don’t really want to say ‘I’m going to start doing an accent now’ because then I can’t really back out of it. Also, I don’t really know what kind of accent or mannerisms I would use, or how to do a ‘female voice’ without sounding stupid.

I also have levels in bard, and despite the fact that I love singing and don’t really get particularly embarrassed about it (I even sing in a choir), I never do any of the songs when I’m asked what I’m singing. I just say ‘I’ll do a folk ballad’ and leave it at that. 

I guess what I’m asking is: how can I get the confidence to start role playing properly midway through a campaign? Especially given that no one else in our group except for the DM really does that. 

Thanks so much for any help!. So I know there are lots of posts like this, so if I should be asking this somewhere else please let me know, but I am kind of new to multiclassing and making very powerful characters so I would like some advice. I played a Tiefling Bard up to level 6 and picked Lore, and chose Haste and Fireball for magical secrets. However, I have been given some quite powerful magical items - I have a +2 rapier and +2 Studded Leather. 

Whilst the armour in particular comes with drawbacks also (I can't take it off and it has a personality and stuff so I'm expecting bad stuff to happen probably!)  this should make me quite effective in combat, but I am a spellcaster. What I was thinking was that I could multiclass to Paladin and since I have 16 Dex I could make some sort of a dex-based paladin (I have 20 Charisma already so I could increase the Dex up at Level 4 Paladin) but I don't know whether that would just be too long before I got any worthwhile abilities - I would have to be Level 11 to get extra attack essentially and Level 12 to get the Aura. However the idea of using haste and the high level spell slots for smite seems really fun to me. 

Is that viable/will I feel very weak if I do it? The other reason that I kind of want to is that someone else in the group is playing a divine soul sorcerer which kind of does the whole spellcasting & healing simultaneously thing quite a bit better than I can. Also it would really fit my character.  

Thanks for any advice!.