I started investing in 2019 with $500 and a dream. But I was a gambler then and I’m still a gambler now. I wanted money fast, and that led to my slow and painful downfall as I attempted damage control by pouring more of my hard earned money to average down on my bleeding portfolio. Fast forward to June 2020 and I was down over $3000. By November it was $6000. And by March 2021 it was 8-9K. I stopped counting after that. It was just ugly and I felt ashamed.

I had just played Target’s Q4 2020 earnings report even though I knew Wall Street might not be impressed. I was employee at Target at the time and typically during the holidays we sell big ticket items for lower profit margins to attract and retain customers. Target shat the bed, down about 13-15% at the lows in a matter of days. Target hadn’t had such an ugly drop since 2017, and I had been caught in it. I was so angry and disappointed.

See my philosophy is that I can technically afford to lose all the money I play with now because I don’t need to work through college, meaning most of the money I have is a surplus for the time being in return for doing extra stuff, like side quests in a video game. My tuition is $7,600 a year and my parents pay for it as long as I perform well. If my grades slipped below a 3.0 GPA I’d expect to be on the hook for that bill. My mom was having trouble with money during my first semester of college in fall 2019 because she made some poor irrational decisions I won’t get in to, I loaned her $720 to cover a bill she couldn’t afford to pay which was about 33% of all my money at the time. When Christmas came around I told her that she didn’t have to pay me back and to use that money to purchase gifts for my siblings.

When the stock market crashed in March 2020 my dad who works as a nurse was ready to jump the gun on the stock market after I spoke to him about investing. I set up his account and he decided to purchase the stocks that had been obliterated. His greatest buy was purchasing 30 shares of Moderna at $31. I personally placed the order for him. Later on I advised him on future purchases and he has turned $4000 into $22,000 as of this week.

So I believe that I earned my college being paid for 110% as I supported both my parents during a dark time in our lives. My parents invest in me as investors would in a company, and I will give them a return on their investment as they age.

Now back to where my own portfolio finally turned around.

The $TGT Arc:

So I vented my mom about what happened with Target while I under-stated my losses so she wouldn’t panic or be too upset with me. She told me “if Target is down, then buy it. It’s at a discount isn’t it?” So I asked myself, “did anything drastically change about Target?” At the time it was trading at $168 a share and I concluded that the answer was “no, nothing has changed”. I like the company because millennials love to shop there, as a former employee I can personally attest to the success of target in regards to breaking into urban environments. Even today everywhere I go I see a re-usable Target bag, I bet they give them away for free so people walk around with them and function as walking advertisements. Because of the way that Target traded, call debit spreads were the best way to capitalize on a slow bull run.  Invested an initial $800 or so even when I could have loaded $3000 in call spreads at the time.  But I made about $4000 in profits from target. They killed earnings and I sold my calls spreads early June when it hit an ATH at $236 a share. Had I held my original July 16 230/240 spreads I sold before earnings to go further out into October 260/270 calls as a risk management strategy I could have made upwards to $18,000 on this stock alone. It trades at $262 today. Oh well. The reason why I took profits on Target was because it just had an impressive extended bull run leading up to and following a stellar earnings report. I didn't want to be greedy and took profits at 236 early June as the stock had jumped about $70 a share from it's March lows.

The $NEGG Arc:  I had a stock in mind after I sold my largest position, for the time being I was done trading options. My mentor is bearish on the market so having him talk to me about how the market is a bubble scares me sometimes. So I went on the hunt for pure value plays. Then I stumbled on an IPO of a household name for PC gamers that nobody knew about because of the unconventional way that they went public, through a reverse merger. My investment thesis was that had they gone public through a traditional IPO, they would be worth much more than 3.75 billion dollars. So I loaded 500 shares at 10.45. The OG group on stocktwits was filled with intelligent like-minded people that were all in unison that this e-commerce stock was grossly undervalued to competition ($WISH, $GME,$BBY). Combine that with a low float and we had a ticking time bomb just waiting to explode to the upside... just needed a little spark. So I got proactive and posted my investment thesis on WSB....


I got laughed off the fucking sub. The original commenters tore my post to pieces because I dared to say that Newegg was what Gamestop wanted to be. One person said that because of my post they would short sell it at $10 a share and proceed to buy more $GME with the profits. People tried to tell me Newegg which has been around for 20 years was a SCAM... literally have friends that ordered from fucking Newegg and when I bought the stock I immediately asked everyone I knew that used Newegg about their experience as a customer. What gamestop wants to be is an e-commerce gaming company that pivots to cater PC as well as console gamers.. Newegg was already there. That was the spark that was going to ignite the flame. So a few weeks later it squeezed just like GME, the people that laughed at me like the people that laughed at Noah building the fucking ARK before the flood probably hate themselves now. Had a flood of new people comment and congratulate me for being right.

Unfortunately I was forced to sell at $25 a share, a 150% gain but shy of the top it hit at around $70. The reason this happened was because I didn't buy the stock to go to Mars, I bought it so I could make some side income on covered calls, my days of trading risky were over.. or so I thought. The day after it ripped to $19 a share I decided to sell the $25 call for $100 a contract on all 500 of my shares expiring 2 weeks out. 

Those OPTIONS I SOLD RAN 5000% but hey.. profit is profit right..? Totally didn't consider $ROPE for a second there hahaha

The $MVST Arc:

I had fumbled the bag with $WYNN, probably took a few sorry souls with me that bought the dip after I advised giving it a look even after it lost steam from the dead cat bounce to from $100 to $109 and dropped back to 103 and then fell to $93. Blame the Chinese and anti-maskers/vaxxers bruh, pent up demand was looking fire until the stupidity of half of America and the authoritarianism of Winnie The fuckin Pooh took hold. Having made some fire trades I knew I was going to fuck up. Trading options and stocks is like playing Russian roulette which is why I do not go all in on options anymore. I have $10,000 worth of shares in Unity Software $U that I don't plan on selling. So 10 days ago I noticed that $MVST was trending on stocktwits. I liked the stock at $20 when it was Tuscan Holdings so you better believe that I knew this company was a fucking steal at $9.30.. and it had momentum?? It was just perfect, I had to get in that. The only problemo??? I was all out of ammo. So I said fuck it, I was already paying for robinhood gold so I decided to use 1K worth of margin to buy calls. Then some Morgan Stanley fuck decided to downgrade the stock. I was a little worried about losing money on margin ngl, but it was margin I could afford to pay back... then I got a lil balsy. I borrowed 2 grand to yolo on WMT calls 2 weeks out and another 3K to buy LVS calls for October. WMT was looking like it was about to break out and LVS is just insanely oversold trading at March 2020 levels over short term worries. I couldn't help myself. By the grace of God I was blessed tendies on MVST,WMT, and LVS.

My portfolio on Robinhood hit $21,400 at today's close and my TD ameritrade has $2,900. I literally have $200 in my checkings account and use a credit card that I pay off every month to avoid interest/ build credit for when I buy a lambo (*probably will buy a cheap hybrid to save money when I need to upgrade my car*). I try to live frugally and use the time I have as a college student with little financial responsibility to my advantage. So this is my story. As always, if you have any questions feel free to shoot me a message. If I made some typos plz forgive me cause I type fast, probably will go and fix em later on.Is it possible to come back to the same life to do it over and make better decisions? I think it’s possible. 

Is it possible to come back to the same life with a different gender to live a desired reality? No. Because that past never existed. The desire to live a life in a different scenario like a gender change is possible if you come back in the future…. But it’s kinda wild to see people delusional that they can reincarnate to the past with extremely specific details. That’s literally shifting type rhetoric. Like I get it. People wish things were different but if you can’t be happy with yourself then simply do not chose to return to this life.Say that you were extremely close with someone for many years…. worked out all your problems and really loved each other…. But a black swan ruined the relationship and pushed them towards another guy. What are the odds of getting a second chance with them? I’d love to re-live the same life again to do it better, but I also wouldn’t mind a different life where I meet them again to do it better. I’m only 22. I’m in a lot of pain. I truly believe in my heart we were soulmates and I want to see them again… in this life or the next.Say that you were extremely close with someone for many years…. worked out all your problems and really loved each other…. But a black swan ruined the relationship and pushed them towards another guy. What are the odds of getting a second chance with them? I’d love to re-live the same life again to do it better, but I also wouldn’t mind a different life where I meet them again to do it better. I’m only 22. I’m in a lot of pain. I truly believe in my heart we were soulmates and I want to see them again… in this life or the next.Graduating college? 
I did it for you. 
Getting a car? 
I did it for you. 
Making myself marketable enough to get a decent job? 
I did it for you. 

4 years of our connection is gone because of my lack of trust in your love for me. And it hurts so much knowing that I have to live the rest of my life without you. 

For others that messed up relationships that were so deep and intimate… how did you find meaning in life again? How can you keep on going? It feels like my world has ended and the only thing that remains is my consciousness but every day waking up hurts.I mean it when I say that. She was my best friend. She didn’t want to leave…. We were together for almost 4 years. From when I was 18 to almost 22 and 15 to almost 20 for her… My mental issues and lack of trust in her pushed her away. I accused her father of raping her…. In front of her house…. with a sign… it was based off nightmares she said that she had and feeling like someone had done it in her sleep but it was still a horrible thing to do that was caused by my mental instability. 

The reason why I did it was because I messaged her after she had blocked me to say I wanted the best for her even after all the trust issues she gave me and the things I had believed she had done behind my back. She said she’d always love me but was annoyed I made a new number to keep looking for her. She didn’t want the chaos and destruction that my mental instability was bringing. So I snapped and made that sign in a last ditch attempt to protect her from harm figuring I had nothing left to lose… but that was the worst decision I could have made. 

Even after everything… she texted me on my birthday a few days later. She said she couldn’t legally talk to me because of what I had done. The stress got me into a car accident. 

I tried to stay strong… but I was so upset that I lost her and I didn’t know how to express my feelings. So I texted her cousin about everything until she told me to stop and move on…. So I met another girl for a while who distracted me for a bit. However… after my ex got with another guy… she admitted that even after everything she would have taken me back had I been honest about my feelings for her and how much she meant to me. 

I feel destroyed. This happened in mid April and she got with the new guy in late May. 

I hate knowing that the time I spent forcing myself to like a rebound should have been spent trying to apologize for what I did. Now it’s too late. 

I hate myself for what I did. It literally feels like I killed my other half and what remains is a sad lonely soul who will struggle to fall in love again because of how deep our connection was…. I committed suicide in April. It really feels like my life is over. I’m meeting another girl soon but it hurts so much knowing that my soulmate fought so hard to stay with me until I pushed them away. I would wait several decades just to reincarnate with them again. That’s what I keep telling myself in order to keep on going. That our souls will meet again when we are stronger and that in the next lifetime we’ll follow through on everything we said we’d do…. But I know that in the meantime I have to live my life and try to love another person… even if she will have my heart forever. 

This wasn’t a normal break up. I killed it because of mistrust over things she had done in the past that helped to trigger mental issues within me… she didn’t stop loving me until mid May. And I wish I had known I still had time…. I’m 22 years old and from Long Island. 

My ex broke up with me 3 1/2 months ago and she was my world. I gave my entire life to her pretty much. Especially due to covid. Anyways. She was my best friend. She went with an ex from high school who was praying on my downfall about a month after the breakup. I haven’t been able to find a solid relationship as quickly. 

I wake up everyday with thoughts of emptiness and regret over the actions that made me lose my best friend. 

How can I keep living like this? I have so many years ahead of me. And it’s scary because I fear many of those years could be spent alone. 

Can one eventually become happy living alone? 

The more and more I think about what I did I hate myself. She was hardworking. I supported her dreams, and she made it really far. I was so proud of her at the end. Anyways. I wish the best for her. But I struggle every time I think about how I’ll manage to live the rest of my life knowing I ruined something amazing over trust issues.It’s been about 3 1/2 months since the break up and 2 months since she started dating another guy. Her and the guy have had an amazing relationship. Before she decided to permanently block me, she told me that he got along well with the parents, that she really enjoys sex with him, and that they talk a lot when they aren’t together. 

She got really lucky because this dude was waiting on the sidelines during the 4 years that me and this girl were together. 

I’m seeing a new girl but she works 6 days a week and she doesn’t text as often. She’s indicated she’s very interested in me but she lives about an hour away and has strict parents. So I wouldn’t be able to bring her over as easily. I’m moving a little bit closer to her but I’ll be living with my grandpa so I doubt we’d get much alone time together. 

In a nutshell… I had a relationship with someone I met in high school where I could see them several times a week and text them pretty much all throughout the day.. and when we would meet up we had a lot of opportunity to be alone. 

I can only see the new person once a week if I’m lucky and they only text me a handful of times throughout the day. How can I cope with this relationship that has a different pace? I want to be happy but I can’t keep missing the deep relationship I had in the past.A little over 3 months ago… a near 4 year relationship ended. She was the only woman I ever felt sparks with when we kissed. She really cared about me. Our love was deep and intense… hell… her parents even let me go to Disney World with them last summer. 

But I struggled with mental illness and eventually began to accuse her of things she didn’t actually do. It became too much for her to handle and she left. Afterwards… I got into a car accident. My car was in the repair shop for 2 months and time pretty much stopped for me. I did Uber a lot in the rental. On my birthday late April she texted me… and because I had been in recovery from the accident and had been doing Uber.. I let her leave again. My mom invited her over for my birthday but she declined because of what had happened before. But I really loved her. Even on the last day I saw her while we were together. I hugged her, kissed her and said. “I don’t know when I’ll see you again.” 

I mustered up the courage to contact them again late June. But they informed me that they were with another man. 

I really want to reincarnate with her. I really want our souls to try again. I’m telling you… she really loved me. She’s in a new relationship and I’m still stuck. Eventually I will move on and hope to settle down with someone else but… my heart will always have a place for her. 


Is there any hope that we can reincarnate together and have a second shot at a life together? Or is this simply wishful thinking. 

I’m only 22. I have my whole life ahead of me. And I really wish that I could have had this life with her. But it gives me a little bit of comfort that it could be possible that our souls reunite one day to try again. I truly believe we are soulmates but that bad energy was thrown our way in order to destroy our relationship in this timeline.A little over 3 months ago… a near 4 year relationship ended. She was the only woman I ever felt sparks with when we kissed. She really cared about me. Our love was deep and intense… hell… her parents even let me go to Disney World with them last summer. 

But I struggled with mental illness and eventually began to accuse her of things she didn’t actually do. It became too much for her to handle and she left. Afterwards… I got into a car accident. My car was in the repair shop for 2 months and time pretty much stopped for me. I did Uber a lot in the rental. On my birthday late April she texted me… and because I had been in recovery from the accident and had been doing Uber.. I let her leave again. My mom invited her over for my birthday but she declined because of what had happened before. But I really loved her. Even on the last day I saw her while we were together. I hugged her, kissed her and said. “I don’t know when I’ll see you again.” 

I mustered up the courage to contact them again late June. But they informed me that they were with another man. 

I really want to reincarnate with her. I really want our souls to try again. I’m telling you… she really loved me. She’s in a new relationship and I’m still stuck. Eventually I will move on and hope to settle down with someone else but… my heart will always have a place for her. 


Is there any hope that we can reincarnate together and have a second shot at a life together? Or is this simply wishful thinking. 

I’m only 22. I have my whole life ahead of me. And I really wish that I could have had this life with her. But it gives me a little bit of comfort that it could be possible that our souls reunite one day to try again. I truly believe we are soulmates but that bad energy was thrown our way in order to destroy our relationship in this timeline.After our last phone call. She reached out to me because she was worried. I made a lot of mistakes due to mental instability and pushed her away. She proceeded to tell me that her and her new boyfriend showered together and made love. That he bought her mom flowers. That her little brother likes him. I’m in so much pain. I wish I could do everything over. I pushed her away. And I regret it so much. This pain is unbearable. I don’t know where I’ll meet new people. I’m starved of human touch. The imagery of her and her new boyfriend is engraved in my mind. I don’t know how much longer I can take this pain.Graduated from Baruch on Tuesday. Gives me street cred to go toe to toe with Shrkeli one day. Woo hoo 

https://www.dell.com/en-us/blog/dell-and-nvidia-bringing-generative-ai-to-the-enterprise/

$NVDA and $DELL are working together to bring generative AI to the enterprise market.

Essentially what this could mean for the earnings call after hours is that Dell could raise guidance in a crazy fashion the same way that NVDA did last week. While Dell’s business model has taken a hit due to the slump in the PC market… interest in new computing technologies that can support AI will help their business.

The stock dropped in symphony to legacy hardware company $HPE… most of their revenue is shitty printers that don’t work and lack luster PCs/Laptops..

Dell on the other hand has a better product lineup, owning Alienware and many other high performance PCs

https://www.fool.com/investing/2022/11/30/better-buy-dell-vs-hp/

According to this article, Dell has been investing in data centers significantly more aggressively than Hewlett-Packard…

As such, the shares seemed primed for a pop. Don’t expect PC sales to knock the results out of the park. They would have to essentially say AI 200 times. Jumping in at these levels. Buy monthly calls in case there is a delayed reaction in the stock price to good news. I share both traits of the neurodivergence. 

I believe that Psychopaths and Empaths are similar in the way their brains are different. I was also told an autistic person can’t be a primary psychopath… only a secondary one as a result of extreme trauma. 

Does the same apply to autism and being an Empath?. I am a 22 year old male graduating from college. I drive a great car, I’ve got great grades, I’m attractive, I’m extremely relatable to most people I interact with in my age group….. but I’m alone. I am a loner. I just don’t fit in with anyone in particular. 

When I see girls in my age group.. I notice that many of them don’t have the same struggles that I do. When they get upset… there are usually guys in line waiting to be their shoulder to cry on in hopes that they’ll get a shot with them whether that be companionship through friendship or a romantic relationship. 

From my perspective, it feels like many attractive women are alone by choice. To be alone by choice is significantly different than being alone because nobody acknowledges your existence. 

Being alone when you have 50 unread messages from people interested in you is much different than being alone waiting for a notification to pop up from…. Literally anyone. 

I feel attention starved. I don’t want to come off as paranoid. But it feels as if there is a lot of fear mongering against me behind the scenes meant to manipulate people into feeling that I am the problem, and that in order to protect themselves from me.. that they need to ignore me until I die alone of old age. A sad, slow, and agonizing death appears to await me. Even though I am not suicidal.I am a 22 year old male graduating from college. I drive a great car, I’ve got great grades, I’m attractive, I’m extremely relatable to most people I interact with in my age group….. but I’m alone. I am a loner. I just don’t fit in with anyone in particular. 

When I see girls in my age group.. I notice that many of them don’t have the same struggles that I do. When they get upset… there are usually guys in line waiting to be their shoulder to cry on in hopes that they’ll get a shot with them whether that be companionship through friendship or a romantic relationship. 

From my perspective, it feels like many attractive women are alone by choice. To be alone by choice is significantly different than being alone because nobody acknowledges your existence. 

Being alone when you have 50 unread messages from people interested in you is much different than being alone waiting for a notification to pop up from…. Literally anyone. 

I feel attention starved. I don’t want to come off as paranoid. But it feels as if there is a lot of fear mongering against me behind the scenes meant to manipulate people into feeling that I am the problem, and that in order to protect themselves from me.. that they need to ignore me until I die alone of old age. A sad, slow, and agonizing death appears to await me. Even though I am not suicidal.I was never the type to party. I always focused on school, work, investing, and my girlfriend at the time. 

Unfortunately. Life happened. She got jealous over my friends and wanted all of my time. We started having more problems and she cheated on me even after isolating me socially. It felt like nothing was enough for her. 


In the end, we broke up. I’m alone. Having focused on work, school, her and her family the entire 4 years… all I have is the car I got from working, and now I’ll have my degree. 

Aside from that. I lost everything. And although she lost a few things too. She had her cake and ate it too for most of the relationship. She hooked up with guys and gaslit me when I asked her about it… I just… I feel miserable. 

I know I’ll be able to meet someone down the line. I know I will. But I’m drowning in the last few assignments I have to do before graduating while suffering from extreme heartbreak and loneliness. 

One girl got me so far. But in the end. It goes to show that there is no perfect way to go about doing things. Life always catches you off guard. Don’t let go of your friends like I did for a girl who can always just find another dude in 5 seconds…. 

When a girl breaks up with a guy… she’s always got options…


But the guy? He’s usually too depressed and his options are either non existent, busy, or extremely shy/uncomfortable.I’ve had an extremely unique childhood. Suffered from extreme trauma from childhood sexual abuse and violent behavior with my mom and my stepdad at the time. It all came crashing down in the middle of 3rd grade and I cried. Threw a massive temper tantrum until my mom quit her job and homeschooled me for 2 1/2 years from 2010-2012. 

During this time. I immersed myself with independent research in regards to history, science, religion, politics, and technology on the internet. We had a family PC that had no usage from 8:30-3PM as everyone else in the house was at school. 

It was a swimming pool of knowledge. I had 2 years of unrestricted access to the internet. I learned of conspiracy theories. I ended up on various different forums. 

The knowledge was immense to take in. I read a forum that explained Jewish people don’t consume pork because the pig is a human boar hybrid that was genetically engineered to stop the Annunaki from eating humans out in the open and help them develop patience for when to consume their prey. 

I returned to school in the 6th grade. I had terrible social skills. I was two years behind socially. But in terms of academic knowledge…. I was probably at least 2 years ahead and that’s a conservative estimate. The only subject I had trouble with was mathematics, because I sucked at math and was above average at everything else.. I never got bumped up a grade like normal prodigies. So I always felt lost. Like I didn’t fit in with the rest of my grade. 

For a long timeframe, I failed with girls who threw themselves at me. I had to give up the whole…”I want someone with the same experience as me when I turned 16.” 

There was a girl who did. But I missed them. Ended up dating their friend who pressured me into a romantic relationship. They ended up cheating online several times so I dumped them. 

After a few other romantic moments…


I ended up dating the girl I had missed. 
We were really happy. Her parents were horrible people but they put up a front since there was a boy around the house for the first time according to her. 

Little by little. I gained their trust and respect. However, I never forgot about the red flags my girlfriend at the time had said about her parents. My best friend wanted to remove them from their household and have her parents take them in. The girl objected because she didn’t want to abandon her parents or her little brother. 

I spent about 3.5 years with them. They took me in. They were extremely kind and caring for the most part. However. When they became worried about their retirement… as they are not US citizens… they started to come up with ways to monitor and monetize their daughter. They noticed we were having some problems. I met up with an old friend twice who was a female, we hung out as friends and caught up. I suspect they followed us in order to convince my girlfriend at the time I was cheating. 

A few weeks later. They made my girlfriend dress in Very revealing clothing. She was and still is a very attractive, beautiful, and intelligent woman. So to her parents… they saw dollar signs. They never let her dress revealing around me. 

But when they brought her to a boy’s house whose mother had money… all of a sudden that didn’t apply to him. He sexually harassed her. A few weeks later. He and his mom came to her house behind my back and he raped her. Nobody cared. They thought it was just a fling. Even though she had blatantly cheated/got raped. 

As the year went on. She began to drown in self hatred. She spoke of how she felt her father had been raping her in her sleep. She confessed she had found ways to sell herself. She tried to take her life several times and I had to get down on my knees and beg her to live to get her associates degree. 

She successfully graduated. But when I called out her parents for what they did. They refused to apologize or acknowledge what they did. 

Instead. They forced her to never speak to me again. They also tried to use fear mongering tactics to convince my now ex girlfriend, and my parents… that I would snap and start killing people.

Truly the parents from hell.Look. I get it. Humans are horny horrible animals with no shame most of the time. We do horrible things then go to church, mass, donate money to a charity… or whatever the hell helps ya sleep at night. 

In my personal opinion. I think that it is extremely healthy to accept yourself for who you are in regards to your sexuality. Many religious people are in denial and in the worst cases actually USE religion to get away with sexual crime that involves underaged children/ forced marriage/surrogacy etc

However I am appalled that sexual relationships with the significant other of a parents child is normalized on subreddits like these. 

Yes. Your marriage may not be happy. Yes. You may want something new. Yes your boyfriend’s dad might be hot and has more money than little chuck because he has less life experience. But think about when YOU marry and get old. Would YOU want little Chuck to start cheating on you left and right to get back at the fact you fucked his dad two decades ago? Are you gonna just lie to yourself your whole life and blame Chuck? Goes both ways by the way. 

Cause I know some of y’all women be down bad for your daughters boyfriends. 

Before you act on your horny desires… just think about the potential consequences of your actions. Especially if you live in a state where it is extremely hard to get an abortion. 

I do not think it’s wrong for a 40 year old and a 20 year old to fuck. 

But I think if you wanna fuck your son’s girl, your daughter’s man, or if you young folks wanna smash your girl’s mom or your boyfriend’s dad… 

Idk what to tell y’all.. y’all fucked in the head if you actually do it. Thinking and doing are two completely different things. Dear God… for an area of predominantly “normal” people… the general area surrounding Tenafly is INCREDIBLY toxic!!!

People have cursed at me for not wanting to leave my car in places it could be towed. Security guards have been abusive. Restaurant owners have laughed at me… specifically the men mostly… and I’ve had a few people give unclear information and get their money back… and complain to me while I am driving so they can justify free food… 

Andddd GH just rolled out a new system. So I probably won’t be a premier driver for long…. This is my only source of income. 

I will keep doing it for as long as possible until I graduate and can get another job. 

I just need money right now to survive… my mom and her boyfriend robbed me blind because they were in love and unfortunately my mom didn’t find work….

I have no money… I am extremely stressed out… and nobody seems to care…. The world is so toxic and traumatized right now….Several students… along with myself have complained about the lack of help and communication we received from staff at the dean’s office, finance department, and many other places at baruch. We live in a post 1st amendment world where one can be accused of slander and racism for speaking about issues completely unrelated as a result of gaslighting.

There needs to be change. I was treated horribly by the dean’s office and completely disrespected. We the people are paying tax dollars for this type of staff and behavior??? 

Enough is enough. I think we all have a story of baruch’s staff not helping us much. 

I am graduating. But for the rest of you guys. This is a problem. Plenty of people happy to take these great government jobs in their place.https://on.soundcloud.com/spBWrZspWKDRpPN16. $EMAN more tech than MVIS. The dollar amount doesn’t matter. The technology does. 

EMAN should be worth at least 5 billion dollars based on the government contracts alone. In addition. A 5 billion dollar market cap would enable them to leverage their equity to establish a foothold to retain talent and grow even further as a business. This a very. VERY underrated company. Given the economic conditions.. I want something to be optimistic on rather than short.https://on.soundcloud.com/Bp4dVadaHaXtc5nB9. [https://youtu.be/ijzMhypVonY](https://youtu.be/ijzMhypVonY)

New video out on YouTube, show love and support if possible!. [(19) Video SparkNotes: William Golding's Lord of the Flies summary - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tXpA3dIEtI) 

For anyone too lazy to watch the movie or read the book here is a 10-minute video to explain what I mean by “Lord of The Flies Tactics” 

This book is meant to represent what happens to children who are neglected by their parents. 

Although some of these children survived on their own.... playing manhunt, hurting people and never facing the consequences of their actions…

This became a societal problem because they took these things and brought them into the professional world, business, politics, religion, and most importantly…. the home where future generations are supposed to develop….