Why can't I wallow in my self-hatred, without the guilt of having to exist? I am dumb. I am impulsive. I am depraved. I am failing uni. But I can't mourn my wasted life without worrying about other people. I can't do ANYTHING without feeling guilty or useless. I can't even write my stupid poetry anymore. Too erratic to journal. Too depressed to code. TV feels meaningless. Studying seems futile. All these stupid things bouncing around in my head, and then I get this brief feeling of peace for whatever stupid reason. I saw some nice trees. Someone made me laugh. I'm enjoying my research. But then it goes away. And the whiplash makes it so much worse. I don't even know what I'm saying anymore. I just want to lie in bed for a day... or a week without having to subject myself to the world. But that would make me a bad person no? I'm scared to sleep. I'm tired. The crying is getting annoying. Whatever.We had a lecture about sexual reproduction and mating behavior today, and I was just wondering what happens when it's two males or two females. I mean, are they just wired differently? Like a female being attracted to another female's pheromones, but not a male's.  
And that made me wonder if same-sex attraction is actually a sort of mutation because I can't think of any other reason for it. 

Anyway, is there any popular research on this?. I like my coffee sweet. I usually order iced capps or French vanilla. But sometimes I want something cold but not frozen. I got a latte, which is apparently supposed to be sweet, but it's just milky with a coffee aftertaste. Do I stick to the usual or can I just ask for extra base in my latte or something?. How do I figure out if my dandruff is due to a dry scalp, or an excessively oily scalp? I've had dandruff of varying degrees ever since covid lockdown, and now it's getting a bit much.I feel so stupid typing this but, i started uni about a month and a half ago. I have depression and social anxiety, so i did a lot of planning before the semester so things would go smoothly. I have a college diploma, but it was close enough to commute, but now that i'm getting a degree, i live about a 2 hour drive away from home. First time away from my family for more than a week.

Everything started out okay, but then towards the end of the second week, i found out i didn't register for all the courses i was supposed to take. 4 courses became 6, and 4 of those six are physics chem, bio, and calc. needless to say i've been kind of lagging for at least 1 course because i end up having to shift proprities to catch up. Especially with calc since all my functions knowledge was not put to use during my 2 years in college.

MIdterms start next week, and i'm freaking out. Right now i'm trying to study, but as soon as i cover a concept, i just want to do anything not related to academics. I've been crying more than usual, and can only work in short bursts. Like i can spend a whole day in the library just studying, but my brain will not let me do as much the next day.

Be honest. Am i just lazy, or is there just something wrong?. Hello. I was wondering if there are any laptops that exist that meet most of these requirements (that isn't a mac). I don't know much about computer hardware, but a little research led to me finding these as requirements for a laptop caple of gaming and or some serious programming. I could be wrong but 🤷‍♂️

Graphics card

processor: at least an Intel Core i7 10th generation processor, or an AMD Ryzen 7 mobile processor, such as a Ryzen 7 4800H

RAM: 8GB DDR4 minium maximum 16GB 

storage:256 gb ssd min. dream is 1TB ssd

Display: Full HD 1920 x 1080 (1080p) 

144Hz, 240Hz, or 360Hz refresh rates

optional: Backlit Keyboard

&#x200B;. So, I'm Muslim. Technically. And bisexual. I guess. So, for the past year or so, I've been more active in my mosque as an "adult" (i'm 21), so they added me to the main group chat. At least once a week someone posts something about "the lgbt agenda." And I understand where they're coming from but it gets so tiring. Yes, it is a sin. Are they teaching younger kids about sexual identity in school? I don't know. Didn't go to school in Canada. Would i have like to learn more about what my weird feelings meant when i was younger? most definitely. But no good Muslim parent would let their child know anything about the queer community. Let alone support it. Then there're all the anti-religious queer people too. It's just so much, and i'm scared this march will cause more harm than good. They keep talking about it, and my anxiety keeps climbing higher and higher.So, I finally decided to actually watch clone high. I think maybe there were reruns when I was younger but I was too young to remember anything actually happening in the show. Anyway, I might be taking it a bit too seriously, but I've cringed more than I've laughed and I'm only 2 episodes in. Apparently, people love Ghandi in the show. I don't get why so far. The principal and the robot are the funniest so far."Life is time," I was told  
Or maybe life is what we do with time  
I just wait, I don't know

But it makes sense  
Life in time just happens,  
and if it weren't for time,  
life would be nothing.  
Or would it be something else?  
I just wait, I don't know

"Life is a bus stop," I was told.  
But which came first? Life or time?  
Time happens in life  
or life happens in time?  
I don't remember.

Wait at the bus stop,  
wait twenty-something years,  
neither coming nor going.  
Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two...  
Tick-tock, knock knock.  
That's how we mark time,  
the time left for time to run out.  
I just wait, I don't know.

"Life is time," I was told.  
Just a pastime in time  
that doesn't pass.  
My bus!  
Just passed...I'm a transfer student from a college and apparently, I have prerequisite standing for some courses, but not credits? I think? Anyway i technically have 2 courses down and breadth requirements basically done so why is the program still 4 years?. Hello educators 👋🏾. I've had this idea for a school that helps kids grow healthily for about 4 years now. I wanted to see if my thoughts make sense to others who work in that field because while I do have a part-time job teaching kids to code, I'm not getting an actual degree in education or children's studies or anything like that. The first thing I want is for it to be a boarding and day school, and make it a university town, but for elementary to high schoolers. My plan will probably cost outrageous amounts of money just for that alone, so I'm still stuck on whether the first branch should be opened back in Nigeria, or here in Canada. Getting the land would be much easier in Nigeria, but then there might be a problem with funding because I want to make it financially accessible. That would mean providing financial aid to those who get through the admissions process but can't afford it. The closest thing Nigeria has to free education is its public schools, but they aren't particularly good, to be honest. Private schools are better but can't compete with the average Canadian public school. At least infrastructure and facility-wise.That's why at least for the curriculum I'm mostly sure of how it should be. A sort of Nigerian-Canadian curriculum. I'm not sure if it's illegal to send kids to school before the age of 4, but we will start education from as young as 2 years old. Kindergarten, nursery 1, nursery 2, then primary 1. k-n2 will be focused on teaching them basic communication, practicing motor skills/writing, social values, and general trivia.

There's obviously a lot more to consider: Elementary, middle and high school curriculum (each have even more ideas), infrastructure, the admissions process, etc. But organizing my thoughts is surprisingly harder than i thought, so maybe i should make an edit to this post later?

Anyway, thoughts? And what do you think is important for establishing a good school?. I finally watched the endings. Come along with me was a ride. But you know what got me? That ending. I legit started crying. It's not fair I didn't get lsp as queen episodes, that i couldn't watch sweet p grow into the giant hero he is, couldn't see slice of life marcy, pb, simon, ice thing, and turtle princess, watch the humans integrate into ooo. So much happened in LESS THAN 5 MINS. At least I kinda have closure now. Still wish adventure time could've gone on longer. One piece has over a 1000 episodes. I wouldn't mind if adventure time got just as much. I remember I had it downloaded when I was in 10th grade I think. Before that, I had card wars kingdoms. Now I can't find any of them on Play Store. Disappointing.

Edit: Apparently this question gets asked A LOT. Still not sure what happened, but now I know I can buy card wars IRL! So, that's pretty cool.I'm currently re-watching and also now just watching the last few seasons. No spoilers past s7, please. Anyway, so far, yes she has done some messed up stuff, but it's not like she did it for the fun of it. And she's had character development so far I think.

Edit: Everyone has made some excellent points so far. But I think I'm just too attached to her at this point. I'll see if my opinion changes later on.

Watched some more episodes:  s7 and s8 just make me like PB more. A bit iffy here and there, but still a solid 7 out of 10 for morals. Just watched jelly beans have power. Patience is eesh.There was some sort of refugee family, that kept talking about wanting to find "The Mother," and I think it was revealed later that the mother was the mother of all mankind AKA Eve. I think the devil was hunting them? And it was in the "early times" like weirdly pre-historic monsters and stuff. It was paperback I think, and the colour was green.

I borrowed it from a friend in middle school and got halfway through it in one night, had to return it, and I moved to a different school.Wouldn't that be cool? There's got to be as many tidal class dragons as all the other classes combined considering how much water there is on the Eart. Would have been nice to have like an underwater exploration episode of race to the edge.