My friends left me because they thought I was too negative, I tired to act as happy as I could and try to get along more with them a lot of times but it still doesn’t work out . They left me and said bad things behind my back because I had depression

One of them also was depressed and tired to kill herself but luckily talked her out of it .It’s a shame for me to think that she would do the same to comfort me .I thought friends were supposed to support each other but maybe I’m thinking too much. Sorry for venting .. I wish that more people can understand how it feels , how much pain we have to go through… I’m genuinely tired of being called “ too negative “ .it’s just not the the same thing as just being sad.

My friends always says I’m being too negative for them and one goes after another. They never supported me or comforted me because they thinks it’s normal even tho I’ve told them what I’m going through . It’s tough being depressed all the time and I just wish more people know and care about us .I don’t understand stand , I just lost someone important to me, and everyone blame me for being to negative and ruined their mood . How Tf. Am I supposed to be happy??. As the title, these years , I’ve been through a lot , lost a lot , but I still have to stay happy when I’m with my friends, I tired my best . But everyone says im being annoying for being sad all the time . 

What am I supposed to do ? I’ve told them about this a lot of time . I wouldn’t want to be a sad pathetic kid if I get to choose.I had a rough week , everything that could went bad went terribly wrong . I feel miserable. I don’t have friends, families that I can talk to or find comfort. I’m going crazy. Heyy , It’s been a tough week for me , lot of things happened , lost a friend, some teachers who called me out for nothing , got joked about my grades , everything. I’m tired, I really tired my best to be a person that everyone loves , cares about. I really did my best , even though I’m sad I still tired to bring joy to everyone .

Maybe I’m just not good enough , maybe I’m lazy . I really tired, I just wanted to rest , I’m not lazy  or finding excuses. I’ve been tired for so long please just let me rest . It’s painful specially when the ones supposed to support you called you lazy.

Sometimes I just thought to myself that just a fast slice would be a great suicide method 

Anyways , I don’t think anyone would like to hear to me vent about everything. I really hope you are doing great and thank you for reading . 

Literally don’t really know what I’m typing lol. For years and years , I gave the best I could to my dearest friend . I thought I did a good job doing this but she didn’t appreciate it. Calling me selfish and self-moved for the acts i did as she left me for someone else. I know I did my best bc everyone around me told me did a great job. I just can’t get over it . Or am I just being asshole and thought was nice ? I’m lost and I don’t seem to get along with anyone.For years and years , I gave the best I could to my dearest friend . I thought I did a good job doing this but she didn’t appreciate it. Calling me selfish and self-moved for the acts i did as she left me for someone else. I know I did my best bc everyone around me told me did a great job. I just can’t get over it . Am I just being asshole ?. Sometimes being kind is hard , when you give the whole world to someone and suddenly they betrayed you , everyone start saying “you’re self-moved“ , “you are selfish“ , “you are nothing“ . Like you are the bad guy . I’ve been through this a lot and I don’t know if I’m really the problematic one .

In my place, when you just vent about something , people don’t give a f and starts assaulting you . I don’t find comfort in this place no more. I’m genuinely lost .My friend keeps pushing all her problems onto me and keeps accusing me for all her problems. I’m so frustrated because she was my best friend. I feel like I’m going crazy. I don’t know how to get rid or even not care about her. My friend said I’m annoying and selfish for saying I felt left out in the friend group. She was everything.

I really want to just kill my elf if it makes me feel better, I couldn’t take it any longer. I fell broken as heck , just let me go . No one cares about me. For context, I’m a loser who lost a dear friend that been through a lot with me and we both are both’s emotional support. But ever since she got new friends she just don’t talk to me and I’ve told her I feel left out and now she thinks I’m annoying and selfish . Now she’s just being mean . 

I don’t really have friends or be able to get along with others easily since I’m a child. She was the dearest I had and the one who been through the most with me . 

Nowadays, every day I feel like a lonely living corpse, I couldn’t stop being sad and frustrated when I see photos of her living better then she was with me . I don’t have any where to vent on , I only can cry myself to sleep.

I don’t know how or when I can get out of this but I feel like killing myself every day, it’s just not easy to move on like people told me so. I had that one friend that we are both’s emotional support. But recently she left me for another person despite all that things we went through. She now just acts mean to me by saying things to hurt me . 

Sometimes I see photos of them and I get really anxious and furious. I don’t like it :(

I do miss her and wanted her to come back, but I guess I’m too selfish. My dearest friend left me for another friend group, maybe I was too selfish for her but I am happy for her . Now we are not friends anymore but every time I see them hanging around with each other, my heart breaks. I’ve been like this for a feel weeks now . I’m confused and I feel lonely.

She was the closest person I had in my life. For context, I just got cut out of a friendship because my friend was pushing all her problems to me and saying that if I can’t take it then just F off  being a sad crybaby , not only that she was the one who ruined our friend group because she made new friends and never give a f about her old ones . I tired to fix everything but she just started to be mean .

As for now I still have two friends from that one ruins friend group,  but that mean friend keeps trying to take them away and said I don’t deserve anyone although I had her back at her toughest times. I think now she gossips behind my back :( 

What should I do. There was a place that I really wanted to go ,my friends left me , said that I’m selfish and worthless,it’s okay tho,so I thought.I really just wanted a friend, I don’t need much . Everyone I know just doesn’t wanted to be friends with me , even once used me as tools. 

I thought I was okay for a feel days since that day happened but now ,it’s just I’m not good .

For a reason, I needed to find someone to go to Disney land with me , all the people I ask told me they would think about it . The day before tho , everyone for some reason randomly posted they in Disney land with others . I think it’s not the matter if I asked earlier or not , it’s just I’m not interesting enough. That one day , I completely locked myself inside my bedroom sobbing.

No one now is willing to talk with me , maybe I was selfish but all I wanted is someone to care about me .

 Every day for me just hurts and I’m just too scared to end my own life 


Haha , this is stupid, at least I tired. I always thought that if I need someone they would be there . But the truth is I cry myself to sleep every night, putting on a happy mask.

I just lost someone who was my best friend and my emotional support recently, they say that I’m selfish and no one loves me . My other friends don’t seem to care about me much , it’s ok tho . At least they don’t see me as a tool . But still I have no one close . Every day I see them going out with their bffs , I’m just sitting in my room wanting to go with them . 

It’s not like I needed much . I just want to be like others ,have themselves a friend to relay on and go have fun with .


Hey I don’t even know what I’m doing rn just . I feel no one wants to be friends with me .I just lost a friend, maybe I’m just too selfish for wanting a best friend, I didn’t force her tho , I’m willing to go anytime , even tho we’ve been through a lot of rough times , yesterday , she  just star being mean to me saying I’m selfish and I’m a asshole for feeling wronged. Everyone around me said that she didn’t deserve me , but just I can’t let go . I know she moved on . But I’m stuck. I recently had a very big fight with my friend of 3 years ( calling her A ) A was very special to me , I tired so much with her , dealing our depression together at our lowest point. Good experiences, good memories. But as time goes by , she got herself new friends, even groups . I m really jealous,but I still chose to let her go , I tired to get her back ,but she just said that I’m selfish and called me bad things. We never spoke again, she just seem mean after this . I thought I was happy for a short time , but was I ? I’m really confused. I feel so lonely, I don’t know what can I do or even what’s the meaning of moving on . I’ve never gotten a close friend in my life .Thanks for reading :,). I recently had a very big fight with my friend of 3 years ( calling her A ) A was very special to me , I tired so much with her , dealing our depression together at our lowest point. Good experiences, good memories. But as time goes by , she got herself new friends, even groups . I m really jealous,but I still chose to let her go , I tired to get her back ,but she just said that I’m selfish and called me bad things. We never spoke again, she just seem mean after this . I thought I was happy for a short time , but was I ? I’m really confused. I feel so lonely, I don’t know what can I do or even what’s the meaning of moving on . I’ve never gotten a close friend in my life .Thanks for reading :,). My friend (I’m calling her Eve for short)for 3 years and two others were once besties , now that Eve had got herself some new friends recently ,she ghosted us three and said that we are selfish for no reason. For obvious reason, I called her out and Eve just keeps pushing her problems on us ( eg . We don’t let her meet others ) but the truth is we didn’t do anything. It’s also very obvious that she was just using us tool .she also called us horrible names even tho we’re there for her at her lowest point .All I want was to spend time with her again .Am I the asshole ?. My friend keeps pushing her own problems  onto  me and now just straight up acting mean . I’ve unfriended her due to her not only hurting me but the ones that was there for her at her lowest point . I don’t know what to do next…. My old friend now just straight up became a bully and I don’t know what to do , I’m both sad and furious about her actions, what should I do…. I was just dumped by my old friend, it’s feels bad knowing I’m alone again . I am now trying to heal myself, for those of you that are also facing those problems or just wanted to meet new friends , I’m down for a talk :)  I know I can get this through. I was dumped by a friend for 3 years , she now just acts mean to me . Everyone told me not to care about it but it really hurts knowing it was once my comfort. I’m really drained from this . I’m tired and lonely . It would be wonderful if you have any advice for me to go through this , even just chats , thank you <3. I can’t stop thinking about suicide , is there a place to talk about it or seek help? Thanks. Since I was I child, for as long as I remember, I don’t really have friends, my contact list is empty , I’ve been struggling for so long , it hurts to feel lonely. I met a special someone 3 years ago , they used to comfort me and be with me for as long as they could and I always helped her back with her problems , I feel warmth for the first time since it was my first time knowing I have someone to be with  and there’s someone who cares . ( knowing the fact that the ones I once called friends only used me for their benefits for a long time)  but now, she found herself a bunch of new friends, I’m happy for her but ever since, she never treated me like before , I know I’m selfish , I know I should have let her go , but I couldn’t because she really means a lot to me . Now she just act like she doesn’t know me in the halls . I don’t know what to do , I feel lost . I couldn’t ask my family for help because I don’t want them to worry about me , I’ve always act like a sunshine in my whole life. Now everyday I think about killing myself . It hurts a lot and I just couldn’t take it anymore. I knew I have lost everything so why would I still wanna live this sad life . I’m tired , this feels like a joke to be depressed about and I’m sorry. I just realised that I’m being too selfish for wanting to spend more time with my friend who has friends herself. We used to be each other’s comfort , now it just hurts knowing I’m the one ruining it .I have social anxiety so it’s hard for me to get along with others , this is why she’s very important for me .I don’t know what to do , it feels like in hell every day. The thoughts of hurting myself keeps appearing. Please help. My friend recently made bunch of new friends and rarely talk to me now , she said I could join them but we just don’t have the same interests. Now she is saying I’m selfish, what do I do :(    ( it’s been 3 years since we met). Hi ,I’m a 15 years old teenager and I’ve been dumped from a 9 years old friendship recently . I’ve been feeling really down for a week now . So I’ve decided to make new friends to forget the old ones . I like chatting a lot so feel welcome to reach out to me <3 ( around the same age please!).