I [37m] have been depressed for about 25 years, depressed and suicidal, but never done. Sounds weird, but no matter how much I wanted my life to be over and how bad I felt I always had the faintest hope that things will workout by some miracle.

But once you get to my age, enough doors have closed, and you're basically just done. My depression hit another level of depth I didn't know it could reach.

I can't rebuild my life, everything is shattered and turned to dust, if only I had a gun or foolproof method I'll do it right this second.I'm not taking about "my girlfriend cheated on me" (which is betrayal and trauma inducing of course) but I'm talking about someone that carefully, and deliberately took the time to plan and do something henious to you.

Something malevolent, evil, that you never thought a person could do to another, specially this someone that you loved or cared for dearly.

Without going into detail, a close relative back stabbed me in a way that beyond the personal, material and professional repercussions it broke my spirit. I lost the little faith in people I didn't know I had left in me and the damage is so profound that I don't even want revenge or retribution, I don't have the energy to fight back because if this is what people are at their core this is just not a World I want to be part of so fighting back is pointless.

I know you're going to point me to the therapist direction, but I don't know, this goes so deep that I need a philosophical or metaphysical solution to move on or act accordingly.Without being hyperbolic since Demon Souls back in 2009 I have been preordering every big FS game and my expectations have been met and then some each time. So I'll continue to do so until they disappoint me like others did.

I was thinking that currently I only trust a handful as much, one example is Super Giant Games, since Bastion every game I bought from them was a banger and not once have I felt cheated or that the rug was pulled under me in some way as a customer.