So, i'm 21 and I feel like I am lost.
I just got out of the 3 year mandatory army service that my country has, and during that time I didn't find anyone that I can call a friend or that I can just lean on.

I have also been suffering from depersonalisation/derealization the last 3-4 years and I feel like I have been living in constant suffering(emotional pain and feeling like you lost all of your social skills).

Even the friends that I had in high school have really drifted away from me, and I find it lonely large chunks of the time(also have problems with family- mom has bpd and I don't have a great relationship with her, dad passed away 4 years ago).

I truly don't know what to do as I feel so alone and I just want it all to end.


After saying all that I do have to say that I'm feeling better depersonalisation wise, and that I am glad for that.

I really wish that my life could be different as I feel that I'm living in some kind of a bad dream.Hey guys, I think I have a problem.
Something like 3 years ago I have started a journey of self control- I started exercising, eating healthy went down from 116 kg to 82 kg, and I have mostly benefited from it- my self esteem went up, I became more confident etc...as time passed I have begun to control myself increasingly, I have abandoned video games and movies to do productive work, and I even eat a certain amount of calories every meal(It's hard for me not to eat this specific amount).
I feel alienated from myself.
I feel alienated from my friends.
I feel alienated from this world.
I am emotionally numb, and I feel like I've become this robot that self regulates his emotions so much that he hardly has any left.
I just wanted to "vent"(a thing that is hard for me to do considering my emotions are pretty much numb), and if you guys have any advice, I will gladly take it.My dad died from cancer 10 months ago... at first all of my friends supported me, and I talked with them about this a lot, but as time passed I felt less comfortable talking about this because I didn't want to be a "burden" to anybody.
I feel like I am a different person since my father died.
I am less relaxed, I dont feel as sharp as I had been, and it's even difficult for me to play a game of chess.
10 months have passed, and I can't play a f****** game of chess. Not to mention that I before all that I could control my emotions really well, and now I may be more inclined to act as I feel.
I wonder to myself if I will ever be the same.
(I know that things will probably be better, just had to get these things off me). so i'm 16, and was told by my friends that my outlook on dating is wrong.

I have never been in a relationship, and this is mostly because I believe relationships to be something extremely serious, I want to find the "right" girl- the girl I know I will want to stay with for eternity. I have even started dating someone( we went on one date), and I cut it off because I thought that she might not be for me(there were some little things about her personality that I didn't like), even though we had a very good chemistry.

what do you guys think? should I keep searching the "one", or try going out with girls and see what happens?.