When teacher do attendance and they forget to hit absent and leave it on none does that count as an absent at the end of the year? because for now it doesn't affect attendance. im worried about the end of the semester.so when i try to under clock my cpu it doesnt matter how much i under or  over clock it it doesnt change my ghz it always stays at 2.5 ghz. but  when i go into boost clock it goes to 4.2 but then nothing affects it.  over or under clocking doessnt change it. how do i chagne the settings  while its in boost mode?. so when i try to under clock my cpu it doesnt matter how much i under or over clock it it doesnt change my ghz it always stays at 2.5 ghz. but when i go into boost clock it goes to 4.2 but then nothing affects it. over or under clocking doessnt change it. how do i chagne the settings while its in boost mode?. i got to my goal weight of 69kg after that i started eating 2 meals a day. i gained 5kg about 11 pounds in 2 weeks. so im going back to omad haha.Not sure when this started happening but for atleast the past 4 years. i have had paranoia about someone murdering me. or i feel like im being hunted. i know in my head its not true. but everything in my body believes its real. like genuine fear, sweating heart bpm raising and sweating. i also had a period of about also 4 years where i was always sad. not calling it depression because i wasn't diagnosed. im 18 years old male. had a good child hood good parents. nothing traumatic happened to me im pretty sure. anyone know how to deal with this.I have been on omad almost 5 months lost 44 pounds. And returning back to school waking up early I find my self staying up late even though I know I should be tired tomorrow. But I dont get the same kind of tired as I used to. I would be tired in the morning but then by the time I wake up I feel good. All through out the day.  I find my self only getting  like 5-6 hours a day of sleep and I feel fine. I will try to get more. Just having a hard time going to bed early. So much to do.ok so me and my budy wanna go watch the new spiderman and i really want to eat alot of popcorn. but i already ate my 1 meal. should i have my fun but then water fast the next day? im currently trying to lose wieght.